SNOW-236836 fix-release-notes (#558)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: DESCRIPTION.rst

- v2.3.7(December 10,2020)

   - Added support for MFA token caching.
   - Added support for upcoming downscoped GCS credentials.
   - Tightened the pyOpenSSL dependency pin.

>    - Relaxed the boto3 dependency pin to include the next major release.
>    - Relaxed the cffi dependency pin to incllude the next major release.

Reviewer: This is wrong, we pin now up to next major instead of up to next minor releases.
```suggestion
   - Relaxed the boto3 dependency pin up to the next major release.
   - Relaxed the cffi dependency pin up to the next major release.
```
